docs: Sync fixes from Microsoft Learn (#1664)
PowerShell/DSC: docs/reference/resources/DSC/PackageManagement/Brew/examples/install-a-package-with-brew.md

## Test if package is installed

The following snippet shows how you can use the resource with the [dsc resource test][00] command

> to check whether the `node` package doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to check whether the `node` package is installed.
```
